You won't forget
You installed a smart home, right?
I try so much every day I always remember this
Besides, how do I know what it is?
On weekdays, I fly all over the world
They're all luxury hotels.
I forgot what a house is like in general
Oh, is that so?
I live in Genting Villa
Naturally not that familiar with this place
Genting Villa
Is that the most famous hot spring villa in Yuncheng?
It is said that the four seasons are like spring there
Spring water can also beauty and beauty
You poor lady kindly let you in and have a look
You just hit a switch.
It really got you installed
Forget it, you bumpkin
It's a waste of my time to argue with him
It seems that I won't tear off your mask.
You're not going to admit you're a liar.
Come with me
This is the eldest lady's cloakroom
If you are the eldest lady
Do you know what's in it?
How did you know this was a cloakroom?
It must be a guess
Miss, I will no longer question you.
You must really protect the daughter
Well, you still have a good eye.
I have houses all over the country
It's a cloakroom.
I've always wanted to go in
I don't remember. Yes.
But you won't forget
Did someone just put something in it?
Then you talk first
What did you have someone put in it before you came?
Don't say I'm lucky when I open it
Isn't that nonsense?
Don't you keep clothes and jewelry in the cloakroom?
Count your broken motorcycle
It's not really my motorcycle
You look guilty
You don't know what's in it.
Put it here
It's my dress from childhood to adulthood
And various trophies